Wumpus World Simulator v2.3

This version of the wumpus-world simulator adds a natural language
hint and an image to each percept.  This simulator also allows the
wumpus to move based on a randomly-selected rule.  Below is a
description of the files involved.  See comments in the files for
details.  Loading wumpus2.pl will load the other files (except
navigate.pl and wumpus1.pl).


wumpus2.pl       New wumpus-world simulator.  Contains the random
                 wumpus-world generator, and the procedure
                 evaluate_agent(Trials,Score,Time) which calls an
                 externally-defined agent.  Note that the procedure
                 intialize(W,P) now takes two arguments, in case you
                 want to use it for testing.  Also included is a
                 wumpus world displayer (display_world).

nl_hint.pl       Code for generating a random sentence describing some
                 aspect of the wumpus world.

image.pl         Code for generating a binary image of the square faced
                 by the agent.  The image contains bitmaps of the wumpus,
                 pit and/or gold.

move_wumpus.pl   Rules for performing wumpus movement.

navigate.pl      Outline of navigate(Actions,Score,Time) procedure to
                 be defined within agent and called by evaluate_agent2
                 within wumpus2.pl.

agents.pl        Sample definitions of some simple agents for testing.

math.pl          My own code for doing logarithms and inverse tangent,
                 because the Quintus Prolog math library will not load
                 correctly.

utils.pl         Basic utilities.

wumpus1.pl       Previous version of the wumpus-world simulator.



Changes v2.2 to v2.3:

  Added max_agent_tries(10) to wumpus2.pl.
  Added evaluate_agent2 to wumpus2.pl which calls navigate(Actions,Score,Time)
    to be defined within agent.
  Added file navigate.pl containing outline of navigate(Actions,Score,Time)
    procedure.
  Added file agents.pl containing sample agent definitions to work with
    the navigate.pl code.
  Changed 'delete' predicate to 'del' to avoid conflicts with Quintus
    list library.
  Fixed at_least_one_gold/1 to correctly detect existing gold pieces.

Changes v2.1 to v2.2:

  Fixed bugs in image.pl and wumpus2.pl.
  Added cos(X,Y) and sin(X,Y) to math.pl.
